we are with this belisario at the conference you are sure of the public
administrations after brunette guidelines
then read the transparency lawn
dessi disability skills
such a point blank question as a city cyst
November in 2010
around 2010 are one of the watch service sites among are not sites
self-referentiality are not sites in which they can afford not to have
a strategy
so if until today
we have discounted the defects that they are. spontaneity and the prevalence of
showcase sites
from today and tomorrow tickets to brunette there the way that I betrayed my wife of
guide change gear seems to me the other towards sites that we have future transparency
which is the public administration
i effective way
B series
allow the citizen to interact with the administration and the wine to enjoy
of services therefore city demon host not the self-referential information that
interest only the administration has never satiated must put
in the shoes of the citizen he must ask himself things the city does not want to find on
place
spy especially the citizen putizza of the ueber site
hamelin replacing the traditional door thus gaining
in addition to efficiency, it also improves the quality of life
of the community
stress can positive putting will be done a good job well stress
negative there is something that needs to be reviewed and guidelines are the occasion
to do it
if the example before that
net rate in very mykonos fabric speak of certified e-mail
echo - some as a registered letter
is
that came to you though
also by fax
and this is a mad simplification or even what we are about
that is, speaking
sis also the telematic services are
still normative - regulatory
valid pros continue to send the fax because
it is a cultural problem we grew up with the paper and then fairy
do security
always make this a public go or that I am public
administration to write to me at the address pec as it is the law gives me
law is a right for citizens to ask administrations to have
reports apologize internal super blood
listening to this administration for this cultural problem
he thought I should send the same communication as well as attack
also by fax and as a fax
na is the physical the cartoccio ds greater security
it is only because of a digital cultural problem today and the laws that regulate it
they give the same guarantees of reliability
certainty
that from the carpaccio on the contrary if possible they were more so there is no more
need the paper above all of the citizen on the foot
last question aladdin lawn. of the awareness that one must have in the book
digital
the regulations are not lacking only
there are none in the and we had also talked about
in conference proceedings
of the Western intentions are certainly good then up
according to you, your intention will be your intention
which we will succeed in the next n years
really digitize this promise
they hit a vignette
sail - said reforms are needed for this country
mf another character answered
there is also a need for a country for these reforms in the sense that in the end
laws are made to be applied if they remain on paper
in administrations don't apply the end we'll talk about sample of
an innovation that does not exist
my obviously this is not to say that lg are the best possible of i am
attempt
surely perfectible then is the hope that this is
administrations the uses do not read apply them
emma and then confronting the citizens they understand what they don't
it works and tell me for example they suggest to the minister that Mary is ironing
the next guidelines those for 2011 this is one thing not
work with a bottom-up mechanism you can write better laws
via learned also I cry go on current date
but it was penalized manifest I really propose on speaking this
what that
king
it is certainly a sort of combustion, whether cultural or technological
that for andra I imagine the Latin ride of the gelmini
you just have to hope for a document
the idea is this
with a series of people brands
working in this sector we have developed a manifesto for the open
housekeeper who can read acts from the site www.datacol.it
what is it?
we have bern given that in the rest of the world naceri alatri e is affirming itself
of the open government. open gorman which means the administration uses the
technologies the new way to be open to the community
say everything that gives all the data relating to productivity there
At the same time, feedback to proposals should be opened to citizens
not as subjects but as collaborators as partners as partners to me this thing
it's going all over the world
the year after the obama managerial affirmation of a year ago of 8 December of
2009 from England to Greece from Iceland to Brazil to Lithuania
warmed up, the countries that don't hit your new one have multiplied
model this new Italian administrative paradigm
I am absent except for some examples like the Piedmont region
www. data. piemonte.it
or data. istat.it between these two isolated examples
there is no organic strategy so we tried to write 10 from the bottom up
Simple principles clearly accessibility
and that they served to make everyone understand the city administration why it
I take to Vernante a challenge that is worth facing
perna is obviously only the first to make the poster. we've received
hundreds of comments mr we go to experienced manifestation of interest ram
by many subjects there will be a phase 2 phase 2 will be from the bottom
to try to free some public data nl to make contests for the
implementation of applications
so that they show that it is a model that works because they are gods
low-income citizens with few resources can make it work let alone
which can be concrete benefits of improving efficiency
administrative and quality of life improvement for citizens
can reach if the administration had
national perspective
is the hope is that in a year maybe we are here and do not pay more than
www.datacol.it but let's talk about www. date. goco.it that is a sidi portal
in Italian institutional of open beta hooker or john nutrono pro